README.md, before:

# Project of Data Visualization (COM-480)

## Authors

| Student's name | SCIPER |
| -------------- | ------ |
| Linda Delacombaz | 288415 |
| Vincent Flattot | 352197 |
| Yann Cretton | 274709 |

## Milestones

### Milestone 1
Link to [Milestone 1](/milestones/milestone1.md)

- Introduction to the dataset
- Problematic 
- Exploratory Data Analysis

### Milestone 2
Link to [Milestone 2](https://github.com/com-480-data-visualization/project-2023-vizer-la-lune/blob/master/milestones/milestone_2/Milestone_2.pdf)

- First visualization ideas and sketches
- Tools needed to achieve the visualization

## Setup
### Required installation
First install Node.js on your computer from [official node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en/download)

then run ```npm install``` to get project dependencies
### To run the project 
 
run ```npm start``` to start the app

You will then be able to reach the app on http://localhost:3000

### To lint project 
run ```npm run lint```

NB: to lint on save, follow [this](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/workflow-auto-eslinting#:~:text=marks%20and%20semicolons!-,Step%204%20%E2%80%93%20Adding%20Code%20Actions%20on%20Save,-Trying%20to%20manually) tutorial

Commit message:

Update readme (#29)
* refact(Slides) Changed names of the transition buttons and titles of the slides for logic

* refacto(MapToEventTransitionSlide) Changed text to map the Event chart

* added milestone 3

README.md, after:

# Project of Data Visualization (COM-480)

## Authors

| Student's name | SCIPER |
| -------------- | ------ |
| Linda Delacombaz | 288415 |
| Vincent Flattot | 352197 |
| Yann Cretton | 274709 |

## Milestones

### Milestone 1
Link to [Milestone 1](/milestones/milestone1.md)

- Introduction to the dataset
- Problematic 
- Exploratory Data Analysis

### Milestone 2
Link to [Milestone 2](https://github.com/com-480-data-visualization/project-2023-vizer-la-lune/blob/master/milestones/milestone_2/Milestone_2.pdf)

- First visualization ideas and sketches
- Tools needed to achieve the visualization

### Milestone 3
Link to [Milestone 3]()

- Final website
- Process book of documenting the journey of designing our website
- Sreencast of our website

## Setup
### Required installation
First install Node.js on your computer from [official node.js website](https://nodejs.org/en/download)

then run ```npm install``` to get project dependencies
### To run the project 
 
run ```npm start``` to start the app

You will then be able to reach the app on http://localhost:3000

### To lint project 
run ```npm run lint```

NB: to lint on save, follow [this](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/workflow-auto-eslinting#:~:text=marks%20and%20semicolons!-,Step%204%20%E2%80%93%20Adding%20Code%20Actions%20on%20Save,-Trying%20to%20manually) tutorial
